README.md, before:

**This prerelease documentation is confidential and is provided under the terms of your nondisclosure agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other agreement governing your receipt of AWS confidential information.**

The Amazon Braket Python SDK is an open source library that provides a framework that you can use to interact with quantum computing hardware devices through Amazon Braket.

## Prerequisites
Before you begin working with the Amazon Braket SDK, make sure that you've installed or configured the following prerequisites.

### Conda
Use the instructions for installing Conda from https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html.
Choose a regular installation, and then choose the Anaconda installer. Conda also installs Python, which is required for other steps in this document.

### Git
Install Git from https://git-scm.com/downloads. Installation instructions are provided on the download page.

### Access to Amazon Braket (Private Beta)
You can configure your environment for the Amazon Braket Python SDK, but you need to be granted permission to access Amazon Braket (Private Beta). Before you can execute code against Amazon Braket.. If you’ve not received notification that you have been added to the beta, please contact the Braket team for assistance.

### IAM user or role with required permissions
To perform the steps in this document and to interact with Amazon Braket, use an account with administrator ppriviliges, such as one with the AdministratorAccess policy applied. To learn more about IAM user, roles, and policies, see [Adding and Removing IAM Identity Permissions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html).

### AWS CLI

#### Install and configure the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
Install the [AWS CLI](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli#installation) so that you can interact with AWS via the command line. This is required to perform some steps in this document. Instructions to install and configure the CLI are included on the installation page.

#### Use the following command to install the AWS CLI
```bash
pip install awscli
```

#### Configure a profile for the AWS CLI
Configure a CLI profile to use your account to interact with AWS. To learn more, see [Configure AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html). 

After you create a profile, use the following command to set the `AWS_PROFILE` so that all future commands can access your AWS account and resources.

```bash
export AWS_PROFILE=YOUR_PROFILE_NAME
```

### Configure your AWS account with the resources necessary for Amazon Braket
Use the following link to an AWS CloudFormation template to automatically create the resources that Amazon Braket uses or interacts with in your account. The template creates the following resources:
- An S3 bucket to store job output. The bucket is named `braket-output-AWSaccountId` where AWSAccountId is your account ID. For example, if your AWS account ID is 123456789012, the bucket is named `braket-output-123456789012`.
- IAM roles named AmazonBraketJobExecutionRole , which is used to run jobs, and AQxFullAccess, which is used to interact with the resources that Amazon Braket needs, such as the S3 bucket to store job output.
- An IAM policy, AmazonBraketFullAccess, that includes permission to use Amazon Braket actions, as well as the permissions necessary to access the S3 bucket created. If you want to use a role that does not have admin permissions, you can apply the AmazonBraketFullAccess policy to the user or role you are using to grant the permissions required to use Amazon Braket beta.

If you are already logged in to AWS when you click the link to open the template, the resources are created in the current account. If you want to use Amazon Braket beta in a different account, first log in using that account.

[Amazon Braket CloudFormation Stack Creation template](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://braket-external-assets-prod-us-west-2.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/templates/braket-resources.yaml&stackName=BraketResources)

When the template loads, select the **I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names** checkbox, and then choose **Create Stack**.

Wait until the Status changes to **CREATE_COMPLETE**. You may need to refresh the page to see the current status of the stack creation.

## Setting up the Braket Python SDK
Use the steps in this section to install and configure the Braket Python SDK for your environment. You should perform the steps in the order in which they are included in this document.
 
### Install the braket-python-sdk package
Use the following commands to install the Braket Python SDK package. If you receive an error related to SSH, see the following information to create and add an SSH key to your GitHub account.
[Generate a new SSH key](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)
[Add an SSH Key to Your Account](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aws/braket-python-sdk.git --branch stable/latest
```
```bash
pip install -e braket-python-sdk
```

### Install latest Amazon Braket model in AWS CLI
Run the following commands to install the Braket model. The file is downloaded to the current location. Position the cursor in the folder where you want to download the file before running the command.

```bash
aws s3 cp s3://braket-external-assets-prod-us-west-2/models/braket-2019-09-01.normal.json braket-model.json
```
```bash
aws configure add-model --service-model "file://braket-model.json" --service-name braket
```
## Validate the Installation
Your environment should now be configured to successfully use the Braket Python SDK to interact with Amazon Braket. You can use the following example to confirm that your settings are correct.

You can confirm that your environment is correctly configured in either of the following ways:
- Create a Python file
- Use a Jupyter notebook

#### To test your configuration using a Python file
1. Open a text editor.
2. Copy the code sample (below), then paste it into the text editor.
3. Replace the `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` in the value for `s3_folder` to your 12-digit AWS account ID. It should look similar to the following:
   `s3_folder = ("braket-output-123456789012", "folder-name")`
4. Save the file with the name `bellpair.py`.
5. Run the following command to run the Python file:
   ```bash
   python bellpair.py
   ```
You should output similar to the following:
`Counter({'11': 522, '00': 478})`

**Code sample for testing your configuration**
```python
from braket.circuits import Circuit
from braket.aws import AwsQuantumSimulator
   
device = AwsQuantumSimulator("arn:aws:aqx:::quantum-simulator:aqx:qs1")
s3_folder = ("braket-output-AWS_ACCOUNT_ID", "folder-name")

bell = Circuit().h(0).cnot(0, 1)
print(device.run(bell, s3_folder).result().measurement_counts)
```
#### To test your configuration using a Jupyter notebook
1. Use the following command to install [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/install):
```bash
pip install jupyter ipykernel
```

2. Run the following command to create a Braket kernel:
```bash
python -m ipykernel install --user --name braket
```

3. Use this command to open a Jupyter notebook so you can use the SDK within the notebook:
```bash
jupyter notebook
```
Jupyter opens in a browser window. Choose **New**, and then under **Notebooks**, choose **Python3**.

4. Copy the code sample (above) into the notebook. Be sure to change the value for the `s3_folder` to replace `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` with your 12-digit AWS Account ID. You can find your AWS account ID in the AWS console. The entry should look similar to the following:
`s3_folder = ("braket-output-123456789012", "folder-name")`

5. Choose **Run** to execute the code to confirm that your environment is configured correctly.

When the job completes, you should see output similar to the following:
`Counter({'00': 519, '11': 481})`

## Updating to the latest release
We will periodically make updates and changes the the SDK or the model. When you are notified of a change that requires action on your part, use the following steps to update your environment to the lastest version.

### To get the lastest updates
Position your cursor in the folder where you cloned the GitHub repo for the Braket Python SDK, then run the following command to get the latest version.
```bash
git pull
```

## Sample Notebooks
Coming soon 

## Documentation
You can generate the documentation for the SDK. Run the following command

First change directories (`cd`) to position the cursor in the (`doc`) directory.
Then run the following command to generate the HTML documentation files:

```bash
make html
```

To view the generated documentation, open the following file in a browser:
`BRAKET_SDK_ROOT/build/documentation/html/index.html`

## Install the SDK for Testing
Make sure to install test dependencies first:
```bash
pip install -e "braket-python-sdk[test]"
```

### Unit Tests
```bash
tox -e unit-tests
```

To run an individual test
```
tox -e unit-tests -- -k 'your_test'
```

To run linters and doc generators and unit tests
```bash
tox
```

### Integration Tests

Set the `AWS_PROFILE` information in the Prerequisites section of this document.
```bash
export AWS_PROFILE=Your_Profile_Name
```

Create an S3 bucket in the same account as the `AWS_PROFILE` with the following naming convention `braket-sdk-integ-tests-{account_id}`.

Run the tests
```bash
tox -e integ-tests
```

To run an individual test
```bash
tox -e integ-tests -- -k 'your_test'
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

Update to readme
Addressed feedback, corrected a couple of format issues, removed step to create a kernel to simplify.

README.md, after:

**This prerelease documentation is confidential and is provided under the terms of your nondisclosure agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other agreement governing your receipt of AWS confidential information.**

The Amazon Braket Python SDK is an open source library that provides a framework that you can use to interact with quantum computing hardware devices through Amazon Braket.

## Prerequisites
Before you begin working with the Amazon Braket SDK, make sure that you've installed or configured the following prerequisites.

### Conda
Use the instructions for installing Conda from https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html.
Choose a regular installation, and then choose the Anaconda installer. Conda also installs Python, which is required for other steps in this document. Download and install the **Python 3.7 version** of Anaconda.

#### Using a Virtual Environment
For information about Conda and virtual environments, see [Conda vs. pip vs. virtualenv commands](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/commands.html#conda-vs-pip-vs-virtualenv-commands).

### Git
Install Git from https://git-scm.com/downloads. Installation instructions are provided on the download page.

### Access to Amazon Braket (Private Beta)
You can configure your environment for the Amazon Braket Python SDK, but you need to be granted permission to access Amazon Braket (Private Beta). Before you can execute code against Amazon Braket.. If you’ve not received notification that you have been added to the beta, please contact the Braket team for assistance.

### IAM user or role with required permissions
To perform the steps in this document and to interact with Amazon Braket, use an account with administrator ppriviliges, such as one with the AdministratorAccess policy applied. To learn more about IAM user, roles, and policies, see [Adding and Removing IAM Identity Permissions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html).

### AWS CLI

#### Install and configure the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
Install the [AWS CLI](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli#installation) so that you can interact with AWS via the command line. This is required to perform some steps in this document. Instructions to install and configure the CLI are included on the installation page.

#### Use the following command to install the AWS CLI
```bash
pip install awscli
```

#### Configure a profile for the AWS CLI
Configure a CLI profile to use your account to interact with AWS. To learn more, see [Configure AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html). 

After you create a profile, use the following command to set the `AWS_PROFILE` so that all future commands can access your AWS account and resources.

```bash
export AWS_PROFILE=YOUR_PROFILE_NAME
```

### Configure your AWS account with the resources necessary for Amazon Braket
Use the following link to an AWS CloudFormation template to automatically create the resources that Amazon Braket uses or interacts with in your account. The template creates the following resources:
- An S3 bucket to store job output. The bucket is named `braket-output-AWSaccountId` where AWSAccountId is your account ID. For example, if your AWS account ID is 123456789012, the bucket is named `braket-output-123456789012`.
- IAM roles named AmazonBraketJobExecutionRole , which is used to run jobs, and AQxFullAccess, which is used to interact with the resources that Amazon Braket needs, such as the S3 bucket to store job output.
- An IAM policy, AmazonBraketFullAccess, that includes permission to use Amazon Braket actions, as well as the permissions necessary to access the S3 bucket created. If you want to use a role that does not have admin permissions, you can apply the AmazonBraketFullAccess policy to the user or role you are using to grant the permissions required to use Amazon Braket beta.

If you are already logged in to AWS when you click the link to open the template, the resources are created in the current account. If you want to use Amazon Braket beta in a different account, first log in using that account.

[Amazon Braket CloudFormation Stack Creation template](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://braket-external-assets-prod-us-west-2.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/templates/braket-resources.yaml&stackName=BraketResources)

When the template loads, select the **I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names** checkbox, and then choose **Create Stack**.

Wait until the Status changes to **CREATE_COMPLETE**. You may need to refresh the page to see the current status of the stack creation.

## Setting up the Braket Python SDK
Use the steps in this section to install and configure the Braket Python SDK for your environment. You should perform the steps in the order in which they are included in this document.
 
### Install the braket-python-sdk package
Use the following commands to install the Braket Python SDK package. If you receive an error related to SSH, see the following information to create and add an SSH key to your GitHub account.
- [Generate a new SSH key](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)
- [Add an SSH Key to Your Account](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aws/braket-python-sdk.git --branch stable/latest
```
```bash
pip install -e braket-python-sdk
```

### Install latest Amazon Braket model in AWS CLI
Run the following commands to install the Braket model. The file is downloaded to the current location. Position the cursor in the folder where you want to download the file before running the command.

```bash
aws s3 cp s3://braket-external-assets-prod-us-west-2/models/braket-2019-09-01.normal.json braket-model.json
```
```bash
aws configure add-model --service-model "file://braket-model.json" --service-name braket
```
## Validate the Installation
Your environment should now be configured to successfully use the Braket Python SDK to interact with Amazon Braket. You can use the following example to confirm that your settings are correct.

You can confirm that your environment is correctly configured in either of the following ways:
- Create a Python file
- Use a Jupyter notebook

#### To test your configuration using a Python file
1. Open a text editor.
2. Copy the code sample (below), then paste it into the text editor.
3. Replace the `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` in the value for `s3_folder` to your 12-digit AWS account ID. It should look similar to the following:
   `s3_folder = ("braket-output-123456789012", "folder-name")`
4. Save the file with the name `bellpair.py`.
5. Run the following command to run the Python file:
   ```bash
   python bellpair.py
   ```
You should output similar to the following:
`Counter({'11': 522, '00': 478})`

**Code sample for testing your configuration**
```python
from braket.circuits import Circuit
from braket.aws import AwsQuantumSimulator
   
device = AwsQuantumSimulator("arn:aws:aqx:::quantum-simulator:aqx:qs1")
s3_folder = ("braket-output-AWS_ACCOUNT_ID", "folder-name")

bell = Circuit().h(0).cnot(0, 1)
print(device.run(bell, s3_folder).result().measurement_counts)
```
#### To test your configuration using a Jupyter notebook
See [Installing the Jupyter Software](https://jupyter.org/install) for information about how to install Jupyter. You can use either JupyterLab or classic Jupyter Notebook.

After you have installed Jupyter, use this command to open a Jupyter notebook so you can use the SDK within the notebook:
```bash
jupyter notebook
```
Jupyter opens in a browser window. Choose **New**, and then under **Notebooks**, choose **Python3**.

Copy the code sample (above) into the notebook. Be sure to change the value for the `s3_folder` to replace `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` with your 12-digit AWS Account ID. You can find your AWS account ID in the AWS console. The entry should look similar to the following:
`s3_folder = ("braket-output-123456789012", "folder-name")`

Choose **Run** to execute the code to confirm that your environment is configured correctly.

When the job completes, you should see output similar to the following:
`Counter({'00': 519, '11': 481})`

## Updating to the latest release
We will periodically make updates and changes the the SDK or the model. When you are notified of a change that requires action on your part, use the following steps to update your environment to the lastest version.

### To get the lastest updates
Position your cursor in the folder where you cloned the GitHub repo for the Braket Python SDK, then run the following command to get the latest version.
```bash
git pull
```

## Sample Notebooks
Coming soon 

## Documentation
You can generate the documentation for the SDK. Run the following command

First change directories (`cd`) to position the cursor in the (`doc`) directory.
Then run the following command to generate the HTML documentation files:

```bash
make html
```

To view the generated documentation, open the following file in a browser:
`BRAKET_SDK_ROOT/build/documentation/html/index.html`

## Install the SDK for Testing
Make sure to install test dependencies first:
```bash
pip install -e "braket-python-sdk[test]"
```

### Unit Tests
```bash
tox -e unit-tests
```

To run an individual test
```
tox -e unit-tests -- -k 'your_test'
```

To run linters and doc generators and unit tests
```bash
tox
```

### Integration Tests

Set the `AWS_PROFILE` information in the Prerequisites section of this document.
```bash
export AWS_PROFILE=Your_Profile_Name
```

Create an S3 bucket in the same account as the `AWS_PROFILE` with the following naming convention `braket-sdk-integ-tests-{account_id}`.

Run the tests
```bash
tox -e integ-tests
```

To run an individual test
```bash
tox -e integ-tests -- -k 'your_test'
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.
